Name | Size/Type | Data
Command | unsigned short (2 byte) | Designate the validity of the real-time external command, and the end. 0 // Real-time external command invalid 1 // Real-time external command valid 255 // Real-time external command end
SendType | unsigned short (2 byte) | 1) When transmitting (commanding) from the personal computer to the controller, designate the type of position data transmitted from the personal computer. There is no data at the first transmission. 0 // No data 1 // XYZ data 2 // Joint data 3 // Motor pulse data 2) When receiving (monitoring) from the controller to the personal computer, indicate the type of position data replied from the controller. 0 // No data 1 // XYZ data 2 // Joint data 3 // Motor pulse data 4 // XYZ data (Position after filter process) 5 // Joint data (Position after filter process) 6 // Motor pulse data (Position after filter process) 7 // XYZ data (Encoder feedback value) 8 // Joint data (Encoder feedback value) 9 // Motor pulse data (Encoder feedback value) 10 // Current command 11 // Current feedback * It is the same as RecvType. You may use whichever.
RecvType | unsigned short (2 byte) | 1) When transmitting (commanding) from the personal computer to the controller, designate the type of data replied from the controller. 0 // No data 1 // XYZ data 2 // Joint data 3 // pulse data 4 // XYZ data (Position after filter process) 5 // Joint data (Position after filter process) 6 // Motor pulse data (Position after filter process) 7 // XYZ data (Encoder feedback value) 8 // Joint data (Encoder feedback value) 9 // Motor pulse data (Encoder feedback value) 10 // Current command 11 // Current feedback 2) When receiving (monitoring) from the controller to the personal computer, indicate the type of position data replied from the controller. 0 // No data 1 // XYZ data 2 // Joint data 3 // Motor pulse data 4 // XYZ data (Position after filter process) 5 // Joint data (Position after filter process) 6 // Motor pulse data (Position after filter process) 7 // XYZ data (Encoder feedback value) 8 // Joint data (Encoder feedback value) 9 // Motor pulse data (Encoder feedback value) 10 // Current command 11 // Current feedback * It is the same as RecvType. You may use whichever.
Reservation | unsigned short (2 byte) | Unused
Pos/Jnt/Pls | POSE, JOINT, or PULSE (40 byte) | 1) When transmitting (commanding) from the personal computer to the controller, designate the command position data transmitted from the personal computer. Set this to the same data type as that designated for the transmission data type designation. 2) When receiving (monitoring) from the controller to the personal computer, this indicates the position data replied from the controller. The data type is shown in SendType (= RecvType ). The contents of data are common to command/monitor. POSE // XYZ type JOINT // Joint type PULSE // Motor pulse type or Current type.
SendIOType | unsigned short (2 byte) | 1) When transmitting (commanding) from the personal computer to the controller, designate the data type of the input/output signal transmitted from the personal computer. Designate "No data" when not using this function. 2) When receiving (monitoring) from the controller to the personal computer, this indicates the data type of the input/output signal replied from the controller. The contents of the data are common. 0 // No data 1 // Output signal 2 // Input signal
RecvIOType | unsigned short (2 byte) | 1) When transmitting (commanding) from the personal computer to the controller, designate the data type of the input/output signal replied from the controller. Designate "No data" when not using this function. 0 // No data 1 // Output signal 2 // Input signal 2) When receiving (monitoring) from the controller to the personal computer, Not used.
BitTop, BitMask, IoData | unsigned short (2 byte x 3) | 1) When transmitting (commanding) from the personal computer to the controller, designate the output signal data transmitted from the personal computer. 2) When receiving (monitoring) from the controller to the personal computer, this indicates the input/output signal data replied from the controller. The contents of the data are common. BitTop; // Head bit No. of input or output signal BitMask; // Bit mask pattern designation (valid only for commanding) IoData; // Input or output signal data value (for monitoring) Output signal data value (for commanding) * Data is 16-bit data
Tcount | unsigned short (2 byte) | 1) When transmitting (commanding) from the personal computer to the controller, Not used. 2) When receiving (monitoring) from controller to personal computer, if the timeout time parameter MXTTOUT is a value other than -1, this indicates the No. of times communication with the controller was not possible. When the No. of times is counted and reaches the maximum value, the value will return to the minimum value 0, and the count will be repeated. This is set to 0 when the MXT command is started.
Ccount | unsigned long (4 byte) | 1) When transmitting (commanding) from the personal computer to the controller, Not used. 2) When receiving (monitoring) from controller to personal computer, this indicates the No. of communication times. When the No. of times is counted and reaches the maximum value, the value will return to the minimum value 0, and the count will be repeated. This is set to 0 when the MXT command is started.
RecvType1 | unsigned short (2 byte) | It is the same as reply data-type specification (RecvType). Don't use it for instructions.
Reserve1 | unsigned short (2 byte) | Unused
Data addition 1 Pos/Jnt/Pls | POSE, JOINT, or PULSE (40 byte) | It is the same as data of pos/jnt/pls. Don't use it for instructions.
RecvType2 | unsigned short (2 byte) | It is the same as reply data-type specification (RecvType). Don't use it for instructions.
Reserve2 | unsigned short (2 byte) | Unused
Data addition 2 Pos/Jnt/Pls | POSE, JOINT, or PULSE (40 byte) | It is the same as data of pos/jnt/pls. Don't use it for instructions.
RecvType3 | unsigned short (2 byte) | It is the same as reply data-type specification (RecvType). Don't use it for instructions.
Reserve3 | unsigned short (2 byte) | Unused
Data addition 3 Pos/Jnt/Pls | POSE, JOINT, or PULSE (40 byte) | It is the same as data of pos/jnt/pls. Don't use it for instructions.
